Remove unused sort and take 16 from recursive_find_nodes (#743)
ethereum/trin: newsfragments/743.fixed.md

> Remove unused sort and take 16 from recursive_find_nodes

Reviewer: nitpick:

```suggestion
Remove redundant code from the `recursive_find_nodes` API
```

Author: resolved
